PLGMAG2V2-563: Add OrderRequest example (#2525)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/magento-2.md

For instructions, see Magento – <a href="https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/sales/order-pending-payment-lifetime.html" target="_blank">Pending payment order lifetime</a> <i class="fa fa-external-link" style="font-size:12px;color:#8b929e"></i>.

## Order requests

<details id="how-to-modify-order-requests">
<summary>How to modify order requests</summary>
<br>

> To change something in an OrderRequest before a transaction is processed, create an observer based on the `before_send_multisafepay_order_request` event in the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify an OrderRequest before a transaction is processed, create an observer based on the `before_send_multisafepay_order_request` event in the plugin.
```

> Check out our <a href="https://github.com/MultiSafepay/docs/raw/master/static/plugin-downloads/magento2/magento2-example-module.zip" target="_blank">example module</a> for a complete example of how it can be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example, see MultiSafepay GitHub – <a href="https://github.com/MultiSafepay/docs/raw/master/static/plugin-downloads/magento2/magento2-example-module.zip" target="_blank">Magento 2 example module</a>.
```
